Update all.adoc/Data models (#50)
EURODEO/e-soh-technical-architecture: source/all.adoc

=== Data Models

> A *dataset* is defined as a collection of data records and their associated information content (e.g., use, discovery, provenance metadata). In the E-SOH context, we consider the (Near-) Real-Time (NRT) data as extracts of externally available datasets like, e.g., climate timeseries. We refer to these datasets as "parent" datasets, whereas the extracts are referred to as "child" datasets.

Reviewer: Actually, we need to reconsider this a bit as well. Since e-soh is NRT, the observations cannot be expected to exist in a climate dataset yet, and it will be difficult to connect them. I suggest to just remove the two last sentences here:
```suggestion
==== Dataset

A *dataset* is defined as a collection of data records and their associated information content (e.g., use, discovery, provenance metadata).
```

> In the scope of E-SOH we treat a dataset as the combination of one observation platform, one type of measurment and one instruemnt as one dataset. Each dataset only have a validity time of maximum 24h before current datetime, but can have as little as 1 second. Each dataset are dynamiccly created and deleted. This is a consquense of the rolling buffer design of the E-SOH datastore. If a platform do not create a reading for a certain paramater for 24h the dataset is dropped. If such an observation where to be submitted again at a later date, the dataset will be recreated at that time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the scope of E-SOH, we define a dataset as the combination of one instrument on one observation platform, with the associated measurements as given by their standard names according to the link:https://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-standard-names/current/build/cf-standard-name-table.html[CF convention standard names vocabulary].

* Time coverage: Each dataset have a validity time of maximum 24 hours. Until its validity time has become 24 hours, the dataset will grow due to addition of new data.
* Each dataset is dynamically created and deleted. This is a consequence of the rolling buffer design of the E-SOH data store.
* If a platform does not create a reading for a certain parameter during 24 hours, there will be no dataset for this period. If such an observation where to be submitted again at a later time, a new dataset will be created.
```
